Javascript tracker 2.15.0 release (#1352)
snowplow/snowplowanalytics.com: _posts/2020-08-20-snowplow-javascript-tracker-2.15.0-released/index.md

Read on below for:

1. [Anonymous Tracking](#1-anonymous-tracking)
2. [Support for Chrome's Client Hints](#2-client-hints)
3. [Other features and bug fixes](#3-other-features-and-bugfixes)
4. [Upgrading](#4-upgrading)
5. [Documentation and help](#5-documentation-and-help)

<!--more-->

## 1. Anonymous Tracking

The Snowplow technology is built from the ground up for maximum flexibility and control. In an age of incerasing awareness of user privacy, this should include giving users the ability to decide whether or not they want to track persistent user identifiers with their Snowplow web events. Therefore, we are introducing anonymous tracking capabilities into the Snowplow JavaScript tracker ([Github issue](https://github.com/snowplow/snowplow-javascript-tracker/issues/793)). Specifically, we are providing two techniques, full anonymous tracking and anonymous session tracking. By default `anonymousTracking: false`.

Recommended configurations when using anonymousTracking:

```
anonymousTracking: true,
stateStorageStrategy: 'cookieAndLocalStorage'
```

or

```
anonymousTracking: { withSessionTracking: true },
stateStorageStrategy: 'cookieAndLocalStorage'
```

> If using the anonymous session tracking, the session key in local storage will also contain a salt which is used for stitching together the sessions. This value is never sent to the collector.

Reviewer: This isn't correct now. I moved away from this technique. 

```suggestion
If using the anonymous session tracking, the session information is stored in a cookie or local storage, depending on the `stateStorageStrategy`, but no user identifiers are used that exist beyond the users current session.
```

More information on how to instrument anonymous tracking can be found in the [technical documentation](https://docs.snowplowanalytics.com/docs/collecting-data/collecting-from-own-applications/javascript-tracker/general-parameters/initializing-a-tracker-2/#Anonymous_Tracking_2150). 

> You may wish to toggle this functionality on or off during a page visit, for example when a user accepts a cookie banner you may not want to disable anonymous tracking, or when a user logs in to your site. Information on how to instrument this can be found in the [technical documentation](https://docs.snowplowanalytics.com/docs/collecting-data/collecting-from-own-applications/javascript-tracker/general-parameters/other-parameters-2/#Toggling_Anonymous_Tracking_2150).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may wish to toggle this functionality on or off during a page visit, for example when a user accepts a cookie banner you may want to disable anonymous tracking, or when a user logs in to your site. Information on how to instrument this can be found in the [technical documentation](https://docs.snowplowanalytics.com/docs/collecting-data/collecting-from-own-applications/javascript-tracker/general-parameters/other-parameters-2/#Toggling_Anonymous_Tracking_2150).
```

## 2. Client Hints

> Chrome announced that the User Agent will be frozen from Chromium 84 onwards, and will be replaced by "Client Hints" ([Github issue](https://github.com/snowplow/snowplow-javascript-tracker/issues/816)). Client Hints offer useful information to understand browser usage without the potential to infringe on a users privacy as is often the case with the User Agent string. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Chrome team have announced that the User Agent will be frozen [from Chromium 85 onwards](https://groups.google.com/a/chromium.org/g/blink-dev/c/-2JIRNMWJ7s/m/yHe4tQNLCgAJ?pli=1), and will be replaced by "Client Hints" ([Explainer: Reducing User-Agent Granularity](https://github.com/WICG/ua-client-hints)). Client Hints offer useful information to understand browser usage without the potential to infringe on a users privacy as is often the case with the User Agent string. 
```
